[MUSIC]
>> Scott: So, super stoked to be here.
Teaching at Frontend Masters.
As a student or really like what
Frontend Masters is doing and
being an instructor here it is
even just makes me feel better.
So I'm also excited cuz I get to teach
something I'm really passionate about and
that's just the future of
JavaScript in general.
So we're going to be talking about today
is just going to be getting started
with ES2015 now and Angular 1.x
with like a component approach.
So before we dive in,
a little bit about me,
I'm an engineer at Udacity in
Mountain View, California.
So I do a lot of front-end there.
On my free time, I do things like this.
I do training, I talk at conferences and
stuff like that because this
it's just what I like to do.
I go and volunteer at schools and
teach people how to program, and
stuff like that.
Because I'm just really passionate about
it because that's pretty much how I learn,
is that way.
So that's what I do on my free time and I
can't think of anything else that I would
like to do, other than maybe going to
the gym or something, I don't know.
But, yeah I love teaching people to
program, because it makes me learn a lot
better, a lot faster, and
it's a lot more solid for me that way.
So, let's get right into it.
So, if you don't have this repo already.
If you haven't pulled it out and
looked at it, I'm just gonna, there it is.
Go ahead and fork or clone or
whatever your process is for that repo.
And go ahead and pull it down.
And then this is the link to the actual.
So I don't like slides.
I just can't do slides anymore.
So what I did was I just like made
a static site with all the content of
the slides that I had, and
I put it on the site instead.
So I can scroll and
not have to go through slides.
So, cuz we all like scrolling, right?
So, meet me here and this is where
we'll go through the notes and stuff.
Sweet.
So let's get started so, yes?
>> Speaker 2: What's that link?
>> Scott: Yeah, sorry about that.
>> Speaker 3: We have the link
posted in the chat, yeah.
>> Speaker 4: All links
are posted in the chat.
>> Speaker 3: Oops.
>> Scott: Yeah,
all the links should be in the chat, yeah.
>> Scott: Great.
So if you see typos in here, that's fine.
Let me know, I'm really bad at spelling.
[LAUGH] I say it every time I give a talk,
so if you see typos, just let me know.
I won't feel bad, trust me.
Sweet, so let's get started.
What are these components, right,
we're talking about building
Angular 1.X with components.
Does anybody know what I mean by that?
Wait, don't read this.
You know what, don't even look at it.
Yes.
>> Speaker 4: You want me explain it.
So components are like small
bits of your front end
that you compose together
to create your app.
They're, a concept that's being thrown
around a lot in the new router to
kind of an Angular 2 they're kind of as
a replacement of sorts for directives.
And they're basically just bits
of linked HTML in JavaScript,
is that a reasonable explanation?
>> Scott: Yeah it's a loosely used term
to describe bits of functionality in
our application that come together and
compose an application.
Hence the name components,
because they're composable.
So the component approach
in Angular is simple.
So basically we're gonna be removing like,
the way we use to write Angular 1.x was
like we have our controllers and
they're bound to like these views.
We're just gonna get rid of that,
we're just not gonna do that anymore.
So if you're not gonna have standalone
controllers bound to some template
somewhere, we're gonna load it up with
UI router or whatever router you use.
We're just gonna get rid of that and
instead what we're gonna do is we're going
to start with the directive, all right?
And a directive are gonna be
treated like first class citizens.
They're gonna be our our entry point for
our controllers and our views now.
And along with other
pieces of functionality,
we'll be able to create a component,
and these components are gonna
allow us to have better flexibility,
reusability.
We can share these components.
I can take it from my application and
stick in your application and
it should work the same if we have
the same built system and dependencies and
stuff like that.
And it's really great for
better organization and
collaboration with teams and stuff.
Because you can have different people
working on different components without
conflicting each other or
waiting on each other.
So it's a little a bit easier there.
So any questions on that?
So it's very loose,
this is not web components, all right.
So it's not like, we're not gonna be here
building Shattle Down and Polymer and
X-Tags and all that stuff.
So this is not web components but
the concept is very much the same.
All right, so
it's a very loosely used term.
Although web components do
adopt the same principle
with like a extra feature of CSS closure,
which we don't have with this.
So components in Angular.
That doesn't mean web components,
like I just said.
Since when I wrote this proposal for this
course it was ES 6 and now it's ES 2015.
So you'll see that you see me
use those words interchangeably.
Probably ES 2015 is the name for
it now but it used to be ES 6 so
now it's ES 2015 and
we'll talk about why that is.
So ES 6 2015 makes it really really easy,
first to build with components.
And you'll see why in a minute.
We can build with components in ES 5,
there's nothing wrong with that.
But it's just gonna be a lot
of extra work we have to
do to get that flow that we really want.
And we all know directives, right?
Everybody, no [LAUGH] kind of, little bit?
Well, if you do you know
directives then you're like,
you're there cuz that's like
the hard part in my opinion.
Is like just learning directives which
everybody knows in Angular 1.x is
kind of tough, but if you know directives
then you're pretty much already there
as far as the approach
of building components.
If you don't know directives, that's fine.
I'm gonna show you how to like use the
directives and a way of using components.
We're not gonna get into like advanced
drag and drop physics directly.
We're not gonna do all that stuff.
But, I will show you what
a directive looks like as a entry
point for a component.